This information is provided for educational and informational context only regarding software authentication architecture and Google Cloud Platform (GCP) configurations.

1. First Principles: Google Login IS OAuth 2.0
The most important thing to understand is that Google Login (Google Sign-In) is actually built on top of OAuth 2.0. You are already using the technology; you just haven't "unlocked" the specific door that leads to the Gemini API yet.

Google Login: Confirms who the user is (Identity).
OAuth 2.0 Scopes: Confirms what the user allows the app to do (Permission).
Because you already have Google Login working and your app is "approved," you are 90% of the way there. You don't need to build a new system; you just need to add a "Scope" to your existing login request.

2. Technical Mechanics: The "Scope" is the Key
When your app asks the user to log in, it sends a request to Google. Currently, that request likely only asks for profile and email. To get the "API Key" functionality automatically, you must add the Gemini API Scope to that request.

The Specific Scope: https://www.googleapis.com/auth/generative-language
How it works: When the user clicks "Login with Google," they will now see a second screen that says: "This app also wants permission to manage your Generative Language (Gemini) data."
The Result: Once they click "Allow," Google doesn't give you a text "API Key" to copy-paste; it gives your app an Access Token in the background. Your app then uses this token to call the Gemini API directly.
3. Actionable Steps: How to Update Your App
Since you already have the Google Login set up, follow these three steps to automate the API access:

Step A: Update the Google Cloud Console
Go to your Google Cloud Console project.
Navigate to APIs & Services > OAuth Consent Screen.
Click Edit App.
Go to the Scopes section and click Add or Remove Scopes.
Manually paste this URL into the "Manually add scopes" box: https://www.googleapis.com/auth/generative-language.
Save and Publish.
Step B: Update Your Code (The Request)
In your app's code where you initialize the Google Login, you need to add the new scope to your configuration.

Example (JavaScript/Web):
google.accounts.id.initialize({
  client_id: "YOUR_CLIENT_ID.apps.googleusercontent.com",
  scope: "openid profile email https://www.googleapis.com/auth/generative-language", // ADD THIS LINE
  callback: handleCredentialResponse
});
Step C: Use the Token
Instead of looking for a variable called API_KEY, your app will now look for the access_token returned by the Google Login response. When you call the Gemini API, you put this token in the Authorization Header:

Authorization: Bearer [YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN]
4. Technical Deep-Dive: Access Tokens vs. Refresh Tokens
If you want the app to work "alone" without asking the user to log in every single hour, you must handle Refresh Tokens.

Access Token: This is the "Key" that works for 60 minutes.
Refresh Token: This is a "Master Key" that Google gives your app once. Your app can use this "Master Key" to get a new "Access Token" automatically in the background whenever the old one expires.
The "Offline" Access: When you request the login, you should set the access type to offline. This ensures Google gives you that Refresh Token so the user never has to see the login screen again.
5. Edge Cases: Common Roadblocks
Even with Google Login approved, you might hit these "Edge Cases":

Sensitive Scopes: The Gemini scope is considered "Sensitive." Because your app is already approved, you might need to submit a brief justification to Google explaining why your app needs to access the user's AI models.
The "Internal" vs. "External" Setting: If your app is set to "Internal" in the Google Cloud Console, only people in your organization can log in. Ensure it is set to "External" if you want any user to be able to use their own Gemini account.
User Revocation: A user can go to their Google Account settings at any time and "Disconnect" your app. Your code must be able to handle a "401 Unauthorized" error by asking the user to log in again.
6. Why This is Better Than "Picking a Key"
By using your existing Google Login to handle OAuth scopes:

Security: You never handle the user's raw API Key. If your database is hacked, no "keys" are stolen.
Professionalism: The user doesn't feel like a "developer" having to navigate complex menus. They just feel like a "user" clicking "Log In."
Permissions: You can't accidentally spend the user's money on other Google services; you only have permission for the specific Gemini API you requested.
7. Actionable Checklist for You
 Verify that the "Generative Language API" is Enabled in your Google Cloud Library.
 Add the generative-language scope to your OAuth Consent Screen in the Cloud Console.
 Modify your app's Login button code to include the new scope.
 Test with a "Test User" account to see if the Gemini API responds using the token instead of a key.
Are you building this app for Web (React/HTML), Mobile (Flutter/React Native), or Desktop (Python/Node)? I can give you the exact code snippet for your specific language