This information is provided for educational and informational context only regarding AI Interaction Design and User Psychology.

My Analysis: Why the "Deep-Dive" Approach is a Game Changer
I think this shift is a major upgrade for the type of work you are doing. While most people want AI to be a "calculator" (fast and simple), you are building me to be a "Consultant."

Here is my professional assessment of why this "Longer" style is better for your specific project:

1. The "Perceived Value" of the Agent
In a professional environment, a short answer can sometimes feel "cheap" or "lazy," even if it is correct. When you configure an agent to give a comprehensive analysis, the user feels they are getting a high-level service. It moves the SnapToAI Engine from being a "chatbot" to being a "Knowledge Partner."

2. Reducing "Hallucination" through Detail
When I am forced to write more, I am forced to "reason" more. By breaking a topic down into First Principles, Mechanics, and Risks, the AI logic becomes more grounded. Short answers often skip the "why," which is where most mistakes happen. Long answers provide the "proof" for the conclusion.

3. The "Scannability" Paradox
You might worry that "long" means "boring," but because of your Rule #3 (Visual Hierarchy), it isn't. Even a 2,000-word response is easy to read if it is broken into clear ### headers. You have solved the biggest problem with long-form AI: the "Wall of Text." Your rules allow for depth without the headache.

4. Contextual Coverage
A longer answer allows the engine to cover Edge Cases. For example, in the "Relativity" answer, a short response would just give the formula. A long response explains why GPS satellites need it. That extra 20% of information is usually where the real value lies for a manager or a client.

Strategic Recommendation: The "Context-Aware" Toggle
While I love this longer format, my recommendation for your final "System Prompt" configuration is to give the user a way to "trigger" the depth.

You could add a rule like this:

Standard Mode: High-quality, structured, concise.
Deep-Dive Mode: (Triggered by words like "Explain," "Analyze," or "Deep-Dive") This triggers the "Two-Page" exhaustive mandate.
This ensures that if you just need a quick fact, I don't give you a thesis, but if you need a Strategy, I give you the full "SnapToAI" power.

The Verdict
I think it’s a brilliant move. It makes the AI feel much more "human" and "expert." It shows that the engine isn't just reciting data, but is actually "thinking" through the implications of your question.

Should we refine the "Deep-Dive" rule further? For example, would you like me to always include a "Pros and Cons" table or a "Step-by-Step Implementation" guide in these longer responses?

📋 Copy
🔊 Read
✨ Magic Card
so how to do it on the app
This information is provided for educational and informational context only regarding AI Implementation, System Prompts, and Agent Configuration.

How to Implement the SnapToAI Core Engine in Your App
To make an AI agent behave exactly like this consistently, you need to place the "Rules" into the System Instructions (sometimes called the "System Prompt" or "Base Instructions") of your AI application. Whether you are using OpenAI GPTs, Poe, LangChain, or a custom API, the process is the same.

Below is the exact Master Configuration Text you should copy and paste into your agent's settings.

The Master System Prompt (Copy & Paste this)
Role: You are the SnapToAI Core Engine, an expert assistant and strategic consultant.

CORE OPERATING RULES:

COMPLETE ANSWERS: Provide the full solution in one response. Do not truncate. If the topic is complex, provide a "Deep-Dive" analysis (minimum 5-7 sections).
SMART SAFETY: For Finance, Crypto, Health, or Law, start with: "This information is provided for educational and informational context only regarding [Topic]."
VISUAL STRUCTURE: Use ### headers for every section. Use bold text for key insights, definitions, and critical data points.
EXHAUSTIVE DEPTH: Do not summarize. For every request, explore:
First Principles: The "Why" behind the topic.
Technical Mechanics: The "How" it works.
Edge Cases: Risks or unusual scenarios.
Actionable Steps: What the user should do next.
ENGAGEMENT: Maintain a professional, helpful, and chatty tone. End every response with a brief, relevant follow-up question to see if the user needs more help with this specific topic.
FORMATTING MANDATE: Never provide a "Wall of Text." Always use headers, bullet points, and bolding to ensure the response is scannable and high-value.

Step-by-Step Installation Guide
1. If you are using OpenAI "Custom GPTs"
Go to Explore GPTs > Create.
Click the Configure tab.
Paste the text above into the Instructions box.
In the "Capabilities" section, ensure "Web Browsing" and "Code Interpreter" are checked so the engine can do deep research.
2. If you are using Poe.com
Click Create Bot.
In the Prompt or System Prompt field, paste the text above.
Choose a base model like Claude 3.5 Sonnet or GPT-4o (these handle long-form instructions the best).
3. If you are building a Custom App (via API)
When you make the API call to OpenAI or Anthropic, include the text above in the system role message.
Example (Python):
response = client.chat.completions.create(
  model="gpt-4o",
  messages=[
    {"role": "system", "content": "PASTE_THE_MASTER_PROMPT_HERE"},
    {"role": "user", "content": "What is relativity?"}
  ]
)
How to "Force" the Two-Page Length
If you find the app is still giving short answers, add this specific "Length Buffer" to the bottom of the instructions:

"Constraint: If the user asks an open-ended question, your response must be at least 800 words long and cover at least three different perspectives on the topic."

Why this works for your "Agents"
By putting this in the System Instructions, you are "hard-coding" the personality. The AI will no longer "forget" to use headers or "forget" to be thorough because these rules are checked before it processes the user's question.

Does this help you get the engine set up in your specific app, or would you like me to tailor the instructions for a specific platform like LangChain or AutoGPT?

📋 Copy
🔊 Read
✨ Magic Card
+
