ExtensionPay
ExtPay.js on Github↗ +New extension muhanadsughayar2@gmail.com (settings) Log out
How to get started
Welcome! 👋 Getting started with ExtensionPay is easy.

Register an extension (feel free to create a test extension)
Drop ExtPay.js in your extension and test it out
Learn how to install and use the library on Github ↗
or take a look at the sample extension ↗
Test payments by using Stripe's test cards on the payment page.
Connect a Stripe account ↗
Enable the live Stripe customer portal ↗
Publish your extension and collect payments!
Your Extensions
snaptoai
Code (include in background.js):

const extpay = ExtPay('snaptoai-abc123')
Edit extension name or plans

Free trial user dashboard

Add free users

Reset logins for user

Changelog October 2025
Fixed an issue where some Chrome users would see a "Hmmm" error page incorrectly when activating a trial or logging in.
Changelog September 2025
The extension settings page now correctly updates the product name in Stripe in test mode.
Changelog March 2025 — Huge new ExtPay version released!
ExtPay version 3.1 is out! This is a huge release. It includes support for multiple plans within one extension, more payment methods from around the world for more revenue, coupon codes, Stripe Checkout for a more optimized payment experience, test payments and user resetting in dev mode, and more! Check out the docs to see how to integrate it into your extension. It's backward-compatible with your existing ExtPay extensions so you should be able to just drop it in and hopefully see more sales.
Separately from the new version of ExtPay, we also made backend infrastructure upgrades that should allow ExtensionPay to scale beautifully if needed.
Just wanted to say that I'm extremely grateful for all ExtensionPay customers. By and large you've been very kind, understanding, grateful, and overall positive and that is such a gift to me and makes developing the service much more enjoyable than otherwise. Thanks so much!
Fixed a bug where sometimes a 500 error would be returned after completing payment in test mode.
Fixed an issue where paid users weren't showing up in trial dashboard correctly.
Now you can add free users only in test mode in order to test the user experience and API responses for these users.
Changelog February 2025
Fixed a bug where a developer using their extension in test mode with their dev credentials would receive an incorrect API response after using the "log in" function.
Upgraded to latest Stripe API on the backend. You shouldn't notice a difference in your extensions now but this upgrade lays the groundwork for exciting future updates.
Changelog January 2025
The "add free users" page has been modified to show a list of your existing free users. You can now remove their free access as well. This was one of the top requests — sorry it took so long!
Added a form for developers to reset the login limit for users that exceed their login limit.
Changelog June 2024
Extension trial signup page now automatically corrects common typos of ".com" in email addresses to increase trial conversion rate.
Changelog April 2024
Fixed issue where users that logged in to a paid account, the subscription expired, then they paid again would receive an incorrect API response.
Changelog March 2024
Removed Google ReCaptcha on extension trial page due to negligible bot activity and price increase.
Fixed a bug where users that logged in to a free trial and then paid a subscription would experience looping redirects on the subscription management page.
Changelog February 2024
Users can now log in to an existing trial. Their trialStartedAt will be the same after they log in. This means users will no longer see an error message saying they've already started a trial if they attempt to put the same email in twice. Which means it's now up to you to show an appropriate message if their trial period is already over after they log in.
Changelog November 2023
Fixed login for users that would try to log in with valid alternates to their email addresses. For example, if their original paid email is hello.there@gmail.com now they can log in with hellothere@gmail.com as well.
Added totals to the free trial user dashboard.
Changelog October 2023
Added better temporary email detection to trial pages.
Fixed rare error for customers whose first payment fails and then later make a successful payment.
Changelog September 2023
Added a captcha on the trial page to prevent bots from signing up for free trials.
Secured the payment page more to prevent possible card testing.
Changelog July 2023
Added an "add free users" UI for each extension.
Fixed a backend caching issue that would sometimes cause the API for extpay.getUser() to return inconsistent information across logged-in sessions.
Fixed a security vulnerability where extension creators' emails and encrypted password hashes were leaked in an API endpoint. While it is unlikely that passwords could be decrypted from this information, it would be prudent to change your ExtensionPay password to be safe. No extension user information was affected.
Changelog May 2023
Added a changelog to this page :) Extension developers can now be informed of non-critical ExtensionPay updates without being bothered by email. Critical or important updates will still be emailed.
Removed ExtensionPay link from trial and payment pages due to the confusion it caused some users.
Temporary email services have been blocked from signing up for extension trials for several months now with more added daily.
Many performance improvements and a server upgrade were performed in the past month. ExtensionPay now serves around 4 million requests per day.