This information is provided for educational and informational context only regarding the integration of Google Gemini Video Generation (Veo) APIs.

The "Full Picture": Is it Possible with Your Current Setup?
Yes, it is entirely possible. Since you are already using the Gemini API for Vision, Image, and Music, and you have the $300 Google Cloud credit line, you are 90% of the way there. The "Veo" models (Video Generation) live within the same Google Cloud Project ecosystem.

However, video generation is not just "another text prompt." It requires a different technical workflow (Asynchronous Polling) because video takes minutes to render, whereas text/images take seconds.

1. Technical Mechanics: How to Implement the "Video" Mode
To add video to SnapToAI using your existing API key, you need to implement a three-step handshake in your Replit backend:

The Initiation: Your extension sends a prompt (or a screenshot) to your backend. The backend calls the Gemini generateVideo endpoint.
The Operation ID: Google won't send the video back immediately. It will send an operation_id (e.g., projects/123/locations/us-central1/operations/456).
The Polling Loop: Your backend must "poll" (ask) Google every 10 seconds: "Is operation 456 done yet?" Once Google says "Yes," it provides a download link for the MP4 file.
Pro Tip: Since your Replit is on Autoscale (4 vCPU / 8 GiB RAM), it can easily handle these background polling tasks without slowing down the user experience.

2. The "Killer Feature": Image-to-Video Integration
Because SnapToAI is a screenshot tool, the most powerful way to use Veo is Image-to-Video.

The Workflow: A user "Snips" a section of a website $\rightarrow$ Clicks "Animate" $\rightarrow$ The extension sends that image to Veo as a reference_image.
The Result: The AI turns that static screenshot into a 5-10 second cinematic video (e.g., a slow zoom or a 3D pan across the UI).
Technical Requirement: You must use the veo-3.1-generate-preview or veo-3 models, as they support image_ref parameters.
3. Financial Impact: Managing Your $300 Credit
Video is the "expensive" tier of the Gemini API. You need to be careful with how you offer this to free users:

Veo 3.1 (High Quality): ~$0.40 per video. Your $300 credit = 750 videos.
Veo 2 (Standard): ~$0.05 per video. Your $300 credit = 6,000 videos.
Recommendation:

Free Users: Give them 1-2 "Veo 2" videos per day to protect your credits.
Whop Subscribers: Give them access to "Veo 3.1" (the 1080p version).
4. Verification Step: Does Your Project Support It?
To confirm if your current API key and project are ready for video, you don't need to guess. You can run a simple "Model Discovery" script.

Actionable Step: Add a route in your Replit backend (e.g., /api/check-models) that runs this logic:

// Pseudo-code for your Node.js backend
const models = await genAI.listModels();
const hasVideo = models.some(m => m.name.includes('veo'));
console.log("Video Support Available:", hasVideo);
If this returns true, you can immediately start sending video prompts using the same key.

5. UI/UX: Adding the "Video" Tab
To keep the extension clean, add a fourth icon to your AI mode selector (next to Vision, Image, and Music).

Input: A text box for "What should happen in the video?"
Toggle: "Use current screenshot as starting frame" (This is your unique selling point).
Progress Bar: Since video takes time, you must show a progress bar in the extension popup so the user knows the AI is "thinking" and didn't crash.
6. Potential Edge Cases & Risks
Regional Restrictions: Video generation is currently rolling out primarily in us-central1. Ensure your Google Cloud Project is set to a supported region, or you will get a "Model not found" error.
Safety Filters: Video has much stricter "Safety Filters" than text. If a user tries to animate a screenshot of a person, it might trigger a "Safety Block." You need to handle these errors gracefully in your chat UI.
SynthID: Google automatically adds an invisible watermark to these videos. This is good for your "Privacy-First" brand as it shows you are using responsible AI.
Summary Checklist for Implementation:
Check Capability: Run the listModels script to see if veo-3.1 is available for your key.
Backend Update: Create a new endpoint /api/generate-video that handles the Asynchronous Polling logic.
Frontend Update: Add the "Video" tab to your Chrome Extension UI.
Credit Shield: Limit video generation to your "Whop" subscribers or set a strict daily limit for free users to avoid burning your $300 credit too fast.
Would you like me to generate the specific Node.js code for the "Polling" logic so your backend can wait for the video to finish without crashing?