This information is provided for educational and informational context only regarding the technical configuration of OAuth 2.0 authentication systems, backend environment variables, and Chrome Extension deployment workflows.

1. First Principles: The "Identity Bridge"
Now that we have the OAuth Client ID and the Extension ID, we are building the "Identity Bridge."

In a distributed system like SnapToAI, the Chrome Extension (Frontend) and the Replit server (Backend) must agree on who the user is. The Client ID you provided is the Shared Secret. When the extension asks Google for a token, it uses this ID. When the Replit backend receives that token, it checks it against the same ID to ensure the request is legitimate. This prevents "Unauthorized Access" to your AI captures and credit balances.

2. Technical Mechanics: Updating the Chrome Extension
To make the "Continue with Google" button functional, the following changes must be made to your extension's source code:

Manifest.json: This file needs the oauth2 permission block.
Identity.js: The login function must be updated to use the chrome.identity API.
API Configuration: The extension needs to know the URL of your Replit backend to send the user's profile data for registration.
The specific manifest.json update:

"oauth2": {
  "client_id": "114083338605-korq2uv92b42hgh6t44f05s307q68akm.apps.googleusercontent.com",
  "scopes": [
    "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email",
    "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile",
    "openid"
  ]
},
"key": "oojjcoiimphlplollpgjckcjejlamhjh"
Note: Adding the key field ensures that your local development version of the extension has the same ID as the published version.

3. Technical Mechanics: Updating Replit (The Backend)
Your Replit environment needs to store this Client ID securely. You should not paste it directly into the code. Instead, use Replit's "Secrets" (Environment Variables) tool.

Open your Replit project.
In the left sidebar, click on the Tools icon (looks like a wrench) and select Secrets.
Add a new secret:
Key: GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID
Value: 114083338605-korq2uv92b42hgh6t44f05s307q68akm.apps.googleusercontent.com
Add another secret for the Extension ID:
Key: EXTENSION_ID
Value: oojjcoiimphlplollpgjckcjejlamhjh
Why this matters: If you ever share your Replit code or make it public, your "Secrets" remain hidden, protecting your project's security.

4. Technical Mechanics: The Credit Ledger Logic
Since you are selling $500 and $1,000 credit packs, we need to implement the Credit Ledger in your database.

User Table Update: We add a credits_balance column (integer).
Transaction Table: We create a payments table to log every $500/$1,000 purchase (User Email, Amount, Transaction ID, Timestamp).
The "Gatekeeper": Every time a user attempts a "Capture," the backend will run this check: if (user.credits_balance > 0) { deduct_one_credit(); perform_ai_capture(); } else { return "Please buy more credits"; }
5. Edge Cases: Payment Webhooks & "Double Spending"
When a user pays $1,000 for credits, we cannot rely on the browser to tell the database "The user paid." A savvy user could fake that message.

The Solution (Webhooks): Whether we use LemonSqueezy or Stripe, the payment provider will send a "Webhook" (a server-to-server message) directly to your Replit URL.
The Risk: If your Replit server is "asleep" (not on a paid plan), it might miss the webhook.
The Fix: You must ensure your Replit project is set to "Always On" or use a provider like LemonSqueezy that retries webhooks until they succeed.
6. Actionable Steps: Your Immediate To-Do List
To move forward, I need you to perform these three actions in your Replit:

Confirm Payment Choice: I am waiting for you to say "LemonSqueezy" or "Stripe." (I strongly recommend LemonSqueezy for $500+ orders to avoid global tax liability).
Add the Secrets: Go to the Replit Secrets tool and add the GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID as shown in Section 3.
Enable People API: Go back to your Google Cloud Library and search for "Google People API" and click ENABLE. (If you don't do this, the user's name and photo will not save to your database).
7. Strategic Integration: Preparing the Final ZIP
Once you confirm the payment provider, I will provide the Final Production Zip.

This ZIP will contain:

The Hardened Manifest: With your OAuth and Extension IDs locked in.
The Review System: Pointing to your specific Chrome Web Store link.
The Payment Modal: With "Buy $500 Credits" and "Buy $1,000 Credits" buttons.
The Sign-In Logic: Fully connected to your Replit backend.
Which payment provider are we using so I can write the final logic for the "Buy Credits" button?